Fucking bitch dares to hit my brother
Somebody clean him up for me
Let's go!
Ok you have kind
I see you can be rampant into the tens
Come
I'll bet you something else now
Did you see it?
Within a pillar of incense
If you can defeat Tongtong
Even if you don't
Even if you lose
Now you're going to take a big advantage
How can a kid like that win?
Don't underestimate me
I heard about the satanic organization in the pound country
From an early age, children are trained to fight tigers and wolves
When I grow up, I am more ferocious than a beast
The child's eyes are empty and weak
What exactly had happened to him?
How did it go?
If you are afraid, quickly admit defeat
I can give you a whole body
Why is this child so young?
As I expected
This must be the rumored son of Satan
Once the target is selected
It becomes entangled with the target
never die
Or kill him
Or be killed by him
So now what?
If he softens his heart, he will die.
How many of us are there outside?
100 people
If things go wrong
Then kill it